README.md, before:

# Assertify and Testify

This provides two convenience macros to make tests with easy to understand
failure messages from simple Rust expressions.

### `assertify!(expr)`

Generates an assertion for `expr` with a friendly failure message. If `expr` is
a binary expression, the actual value should be on the left and the expected
value should be on the right.

```rust
#[test]
fn simple_eq() {
    assertify!(1 + 2 == 0);
}
```

```
---- tests::simple_eq stdout ----
thread 'tests::simple_eq' panicked at 'failed: 1 + 2 == 0
  actual:      3
  expected: == 0
', src/lib.rs:98:9
```

This is a major improvement over the message generated by `assert_eq!`, since
the failure message shows what the failed expression was.

```rust
#[test]
fn simple_eq_traditional() {
    assert_eq!(1 + 2, 0);
}
```

```
---- tests::simple_eq_traditional stdout ----
thread 'tests::simple_eq_traditional' panicked at 'assertion failed: `(left == right)`
  left: `3`,
 right: `0`', src/lib.rs:103:9

```

### `testify!(name, expr)`

Generates a test function named `name` that asserts that `expr` is true.

```rust
testify!(concat_literals, concat("a", "b") == "ab");
```

Again, the failure messages are easy to understand:

```
---- tests::concat_literals stdout ----
thread 'tests::concat_literals' panicked at 'failed: concat("a", "b") == "aX"
  actual:      "ab"
  expected: == "aX"
', src/lib.rs:106:5
note: run with `RUST_BACKTRACE=1` environment variable to display a backtrace
```

## License

This project dual-licensed under the Apache 2 and MIT licenses. You may choose
to use either.

  * [Apache License, Version 2.0](LICENSE-APACHE)
  * [MIT license](LICENSE-MIT)

### Contributions

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution you submit as defined
in the Apache 2.0 license shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.

Commit message:

Remove proc_macro_hack
[proc_macro_hack][] hasn’t been needed since Rust 1.45, which was
released on July 16, 2020. This removes it.

[proc_macro_hack]: https://docs.rs/proc-macro-hack/0.5.19/proc_macro_hack/

README.md, after:

# Assertify and Testify

This provides two convenience macros to make tests with easy to understand
failure messages from simple Rust expressions.

### `assertify!(expr)`

Generates an assertion for `expr` with a friendly failure message. If `expr` is
a binary expression, the actual value should be on the left and the expected
value should be on the right.

```rust
#[test]
fn simple_eq() {
    assertify!(1 + 2 == 0);
}
```

```
---- tests::simple_eq stdout ----
thread 'tests::simple_eq' panicked at 'failed: 1 + 2 == 0
  actual:      3
  expected: == 0
', src/lib.rs:98:9
```

This is a major improvement over the message generated by `assert_eq!`, since
the failure message shows what the failed expression was.

```rust
#[test]
fn simple_eq_traditional() {
    assert_eq!(1 + 2, 0);
}
```

```
---- tests::simple_eq_traditional stdout ----
thread 'tests::simple_eq_traditional' panicked at 'assertion failed: `(left == right)`
  left: `3`,
 right: `0`', src/lib.rs:103:9

```

### `testify!(name, expr)`

Generates a test function named `name` that asserts that `expr` is true.

```rust
testify!(concat_literals, concat("a", "b") == "ab");
```

Again, the failure messages are easy to understand:

```
---- tests::concat_literals stdout ----
thread 'tests::concat_literals' panicked at 'failed: concat("a", "b") == "aX"
  actual:      "ab"
  expected: == "aX"
', src/lib.rs:106:5
note: run with `RUST_BACKTRACE=1` environment variable to display a backtrace
```

## Compatibility

This requires at least Rust version 1.45 (released in July 2020).

## License

This project dual-licensed under the Apache 2 and MIT licenses. You may choose
to use either.

  * [Apache License, Version 2.0](LICENSE-APACHE)
  * [MIT license](LICENSE-MIT)

### Contributions

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution you submit as defined
in the Apache 2.0 license shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.
